# Blog Of An Intern
Hi, my name is Alex Farfel. I’m 23 years old with a Public Health Sciences degree from the University of Michigan. In my time there, I was a pre-med student that had a hobby in crypto and joined a variety of clubs. My pre-medical career has even taken me as far as studying for and taking the MCAT with intentions of applying to medical school this coming. That gives me a tough deadline for this blog to get big enough or crypto prices to rise enough so that I no longer need to do that. 

Some important background knowledge for the reader would be that I recently became unemployed, so I find myself living with my parents and being gifted with freetime. I’ve always wanted to write more about the things I am curious about, want to understand better, or simply think are cool. I think I also consider people who take the time to write out their thoughts and insights to be smart (see vitalik.ca). Many of these topics will just be digressions as I continue to explore various spaces and industries until I find a topic that energizes me for some duration but even that will likely fizzle and I will hunt for something new. 

My current plan is to write about observations and mostly crypto, seeing as that has been my hobby and occupation for the past three or so years. In the grand scheme, however, these observations will pertain to interesting technologies and thoughts or questions I hold with regard to the way the future looks with such innovations. I tend to have quite an optimistic view on the future and have become quite passionate about many of the technologies that will shape the world as I see it. 

Let’s keep in mind that I have opinions but I’m no expert. Strong opinions held loosely is a framework I’ve come to follow, and I’m always looking to learn more and hope some of these writings will inspire continued conversation. If you like it, I’d really appreciate hearing that too. I’m hoping to use this writing as a way to help clarify thoughts. Some things will sound good in my head just to have a final product on paper that isn’t too thought out, but I’m going to do it anyway. 

Now, I have no intention of actually giving up on my dream to be a doctor. I love that shit and will continue along with my plan to apply. I expect many writings will be inspired by my passion for medicine. I hope to look into innovations in biotechnology as well as discussing the role other disruptive innovations will play in the future of healthcare. At the end of the day, most of my interests revolve around advancements that serve to enable a more equitable world and improve quality of life for all of humanity. With that, I’m glad I decided to start and excited to see where this goes.
